One of those points about CloudFront
is that it will stop things from going
to your s3 bucket, so that theoretically
you're not paying for the requests.
I think when we did the version of
course a few years ago, yeah, but
you're serving this stuff,
so on and so forth.
There is a new feature in CloudFront
called origin access identity, but
it is basically saying, hey,
S3 bucket, I'm cloud front.
I'm gonna get stuff out of here,
nobody else is allowed to,
all right, and it will go ahead and
do it for you.
And so that way we can actually go back
to locking down the bucket completely,
but also have cloud front
have access to the bucket.
So CloudFront can pull stuff out
of s3 bucket, nobody else can,
thereby making sure as few requests
get to that bucket as possible.
So we're gonna go ahead and
we're going to basically lock
down the bucket, turn this on.
Now the one thing I will warn you as
we kind of get into this section is,
because everything is distributed and
because it has to propagate.
Some of this stuff takes time, right, so
we might end up in a situation we
try something it doesn't work.
We have to adjust it,
some of it is issue, it's a little bit of
a fine art to develop the spiritual
apparatus to understand.
Is my hunch that it's not working
cuz I messed up a setting,
cuz messing up the smallest
setting will bring it down.
Or do I just need to be
a teensy bit more patient, so
we'll figure that out as a team.
But also, I'm sure through
the magic of video editing,
if you're watching this later, it might
seem like stuff moves a lot faster.
So kind of is also a mental note,
if you're watching the recorded version of
this that some of the stuff you do
need to kind of give it a second.
It is phenomenally faster
than it was a few years ago.
A few years ago,
we were talking more like 5 to 10 minutes,
now it's closer to 30 to 60 seconds for
most things.
But you just have to be mentally
prepared for that as well.
So before, the way we had was working
with our CloudFront can wrap anything,
it can wrap an s3 bucket,
that's totally cool.
It can take your API endpoints that
are hosted, either on an Amazon EC two
instance, API gateway,
your own data centers, so on and so forth.
You can just point out something,
it'll pass through CloudFront and
CloudFront will do all that caching,
right?
But we can't have it work in
the s3 bucket as well, so
we were just using the website
that we were hosting.
We can also, we can switch it to
that bucket, right, like I said,
just clicking on this
from the drop down menu.
I think we were joking during one of
the breaks, there are still blog posts out
there saying, whatever you do,
don't pick that unless you do this.
So we know that's the base one,
and that'll work and
then we can turn on this,
give it access to the s3 bucket.
Because what happened, what used to
happen previously is you just pick that.
But it didn't have all of that kinda
principle of least privilege and stuff
like that, it was a cool, I can't get
anything, I can get you an error message.
Thank you, CloudFront, that was very
helpful of you, I'm really glad.
So here we can say, okay,
use this bucket and
then we will restrict
access only to CloudFront.
So we can go ahead, we can use what
user effectively that's going to create,
it's not really a full IM user,
it's a origin access identity.
Hit Create for new one,
have got that in place.
Now I'm gonna warn you, ideally,
you would just wanna CloudFront
update the buckets access policy.
I've done this a few times, 50% of the
time it works every time, so we'll hit it.
I'm gonna hit Save.
And I did not get an error message,
now you notice the pause in my voice,
did anyone get an error message?
So some people got an error message,
not everyone, all right,
let's talk about what to do.
It'd be great if we all consistently
got the error message or
no one got the error message,
but let's go for it.
You can even see that
when I tried to do it and
it failed, I was ready with a meme, right?
I was ready with a Thanos reference,
so we can kind of go in and
what we'll do is we'll look at
the policy that we need to create.
And then we'll go ahead and apply it in
the case that it didn't work previously.
So this is not much different than
the policy that we set earlier, right?
Before, we said,
anything or anyone rather,
was allowed to get things
out of the bucket, right?
When CloudFront made that OAI,
it made some kind of identifier for
it, right?
And so all that we're going to do is we're
going to go back over to our bucket and
we're going to say.
Okay, instead of anyone, only this one,
only user can access the bucket,
this user happens to be cloudfront.
And cloudfront will then be able to
access the bucket and nobody else will,
which means if you want our sweet,
sweet JavaScripts.
You have to go through
CloudFront to get it.
Now one thing that I will point out,
again,
I don't it does not bring
me joy is if you look,
go back at this,
that starts with an A, right?
You go back to CloudFront and
you see, this is the, yeah,
this is this,
that's your CloudFront distribution ID.
That is not your origin access
identity ID, to find that,
just go over here to the sidebar
to origin access identities.
That is the one you are looking for.
It is the different set of random letters
and numbers that start with an A,
they're roughly the same length and
all caps.
[LAUGH] Use the previous one,
that is the wrong one, ask me how I know.
Don't ask me how I know cuz a lot
of anger in the answer, right?
But this is the value that you want, and
I'll give everyone a second to go do that,
but
what we wanna do is grab this, right?
And you can head back into S3.
Go find your bucket.
Go to permissions,
find your policy, in my case,
I still need to come in here and
delete the everyone one anyway.
So you should join me here anyway,
and basically,
if it failed at putting it in there for
you.
You can either replace
this star with this but
your identifier, or
if you got it put in there for you,
then you can delete
the everyone has access piece.
I will leave these here for now, they're
identical other than the fact that this
one is saying, CloudFront has access,
this one saying, everyone has access.
So what we wanna do is we
want to delete this one,
we want to keep this one or
add this one if we didn't have it.
There's a version of that in
the course notes as well, doesn't,
it's just it's usually like it's
auto generating them for you.
You can also give them cute names like,
you can make the sad
cloud fronts OAI access.
That's a really good name, [LAUGH] too,
not super helpful, but yeah.
>> Yeah, it was interesting to me that
it had the very specific string, and
then just do for the auto generate?
>> Yeah, it's completely arbitrary,
I would name it something
that makes you happy.